Updated the focus on the drag list and UI updates (#248)
GSA-TTS/atj-platform: README.md

## Development

> This project uses the version of NodeJS that is in the .nvmrc. To ensure you're using the correct node version, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses the version of Node.js defined in [.nvmrc](./nvmrc). To ensure you're using the correct node version, you may use the [Node Version Manager (NVM)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm):
```

Reviewer: I think a link to nvm would be helpful.
